So welcome to my solution to the Auto Scaling Configuration exercise.
I'm going to start by clicking on EC2.
Once I'm there, I'm going to scroll down to the Auto Scaling,
and select Auto Scaling Groups.
Select Create an Auto Scaling Group and start the wizard.
So to get started, I'm going to select our free tier eligible Amazon Linux 2 AMI,
and of course, the t2 micro free tier eligible instance.
I'm going to name my launch configuration,
and I'm going to request spot instances,
keep the price down.
Let's just go a fraction of a cent above
the spot price to see if we can get some really cheap instances here.
Not going to choose an IAM role now,
but we are going to enable CloudWatch monitoring.
Accept the default eight gigs storage, that's fine.
We're going to choose the default security group for this VPC.
Next, let's have a look and review our launch configuration.
That's the right name, spot,
got the right storage security groups. Looks good.
We'll go ahead and create our launch configuration by choosing my existing key pair,
which is lesliecloudlab, click in the acknowledgment.
If you don't have a key pair here or you can't find it,
you can just go ahead and select Create new key pair here from the drop-down,
download your new key pair and proceed.
Create my launch configuration.
Now we're going to create the Auto Scaling Group with our launch configuration here.
I'm going to go ahead and select a previously chosen,
lesliecloudlab group is the name of my Auto Scaling Group.
Started off with two instances,
and choose a few subnets here in our us-east-1vpc.
Go ahead and take a look at Advanced Details,
but don't change anything here, just have a look.
Let's configure our scaling policy.
We're going to use a scaling policy to adjust the capacity of this group,
and we're going to scale between two and four instances.
So between two and four instances.
We don't need to give it,
just call it Skill Group Size.
I'm going to scale based on average CPU,
and our target is going to be 85 percent utilization.
We're going to give our instances 180 seconds or
three minutes to warm up after they start scaling.
Any notifications is optional because this is just an exercise.
But if you'd like, you can add your confirmed AWS email address here,
and you will be notified when launch events take place,
launch terminations or failures.
So your notification will be sent to a confirmed address.
But let's not worry about that now.
Let's go ahead and configure some tags for our Auto Scaling Group. Let's add a few tags.
Let's add application, and our application is named mercury.
Let's add another tag for lifecycle,
and this is a production application.
How about one last tag for a group?
This application is a production application in the logistics group.
That's great. Let's have a quick review of our Auto Scaling Group.
If everything looks good, we can go ahead and create it.
Looks like we were successful.
Sometimes when you get to this step,
you're not successful the first time.
If that happens, just go ahead and hit retry and see if you can
get it to create on a second or even possibly third try.
So now we created our Auto Scaling Group.
Go ahead and close this.
Here we see our scaling group here.
Between two and four instances,
we've got our availability zones that we've selected here,
and our defaults. Looks good.
So if you are able to successfully complete the exercise,
what you'll want to do is, well,
pat yourself on the back,
but then go ahead and go back and delete everything.
Got to delete my Auto Scaling Group before I delete my launch configuration.
Auto Scaling Group on its way out of here.
Let's see about our launch configuration now.
Let's see if I gave it enough time.
All the resources we created in the exercise are gone.
Thanks for participating in the exercise. Don't forget to log out.